-   [About](#about)
    -   [Description of Mental Health in Tech
        Dashboard](#description-of-mental-health-in-tech-dashboard)
-   [License](#license)

About
=====

### Description of Mental Health in Tech Dashboard

The app first provides visual insights about the survey data set which
includes countries and number of respondents in each country, number of
respondents related to a certain sex, the age range of survey
respondents, number of people in the data set who are self-employed
versus the number of people who work in a company, number of companies
that are in of the tech industry versus the ones that are not, each
shown visually in charts (bar chart, density chart, etc. depending on
the type of data). The app also contains a dropdown list that includes
survey questions. Moreover, the app has radio buttons which allow HR
professionals to filter between the respondents pertaining to a
particular sex, i.e.Â female, male, or other; it also has one additional
dropdown list which allows HR professionals to filter between the
companies that provide wellness program for their employees
\[wellness\_program\], or if the company makes it easy to apply for a
medical leave for a mental health condition \[leave\], or if the company
provides care options for mental health care \[care\_options\]. These
widgets in the app will allow HR professionals to compare and contrast
the mental health condition of employees and the relation to those
variables, namely the benefits and care options an employer provides for
their employees.

Below is simplified mock-up of Mental Health in Tech Dashboard

<img src="sketch3.png" width="100%" />

License
=======

The materials about Mental Health in Tech Dashboard are licensed under
the MIT License (Copyright (c) 2021 Master of Data Science at the
University of British Columbia). If you want to re-use/re-mix the
materials used in this project, please provide attribution and link to
this repository.
